good morning and welcome to the school
superior of aesthetics of Bellinzona
today we see the cleansing I chose a
creamy cleansing milk that allows me
to do a massage as well as to be
extended spread because milk
liquid detergent when you move the
hands care everywhere and can make gods
disasters now we see just the
cleansing on the whole face in fact ne
I put a little bit everywhere and then started the
massage spread the cleaning milk
on the face and neck in abundant quantities
start massaging the décolleté a
alternate sweaters like a wave slowly
if you do it slow this massage can
make the client relax a lot because if
I make quick maneuvers the more I acted
They are faster and the other one I
prepare for a relaxing treatment
though a bit painful though I have to
also relax the lady then follow
honda and face right on
décolleté with both hands always
love the alternate I perform touch neck
upwards then the other
seasoned better and cancel I perform vi
alternate around the chin then around
to the lips
brush upwards on the cheeks
then large circles towards the outside
I stop with my index finger on one side
at the beginning of the eyebrow water
while with index of the other hand
massage performing circle readings on
wings of the nose on the opposite side
I repeat from the other side here so I go to
massage well inside the nai
in the nose so that it is cleansed well
also this area I do small 8
around the temples distinguishing the
Crow's feet
from the temples I head towards the nose and
following circles around the alley
of the eyes three times without detaching
fingers from iso stretching out
brow distension of the forehead
upwards with alternating hands
remove the milk residues with a
warm cloth leaving the nostrils free
this case for some Americans
and nothing because I don't love
the exponent we can choose to
dab it first make one side first
dab
the feel of the warm and very cloth
beautiful and pleasant on the island that tour
on the other, the other
I remove all the residues well
after that I can switch to scrub